PLAT-73431: Rename `onHold` and `onHoldPulse` to `onHoldStart` and `onHold` respectively (#2901)
enactjs/enact: packages/ui/CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact ui module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Changed

> - `ui/Touchable` event `onHold` and `onHoldPulse` to `onHoldStart` and `onHold` respectively to match with general event semantics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ui/Touchable` event `onHold` and `onHoldPulse` to `onHoldStart` and `onHold` respectively to match with the naming convention
```
